PEP 0458: clarify snapshot metadata compression (#30)
secure-systems-lab/peps: pep-0458.txt

__ https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/11_XkeHrf4GdhMYVqpYWsug6JNz5ZK6HvvmDZX0__K2I/edit?usp=sharing

While it is possible to make TUF metadata more compact by representing it in a
binary format, as opposed to the JSON text format, a sufficiently large
number of projects and distributions will introduce scalability challenges at
some point, and therefore the *bins* role will still need delegations (as
outlined in figure 2) in order to address the problem.  The JSON format is an
open and well-known standard for data interchange, which is already supported by
the TUF reference implementation, and therefore the recommended data format by
this PEP.  However, due to the large number of delegations, compressed

> versions of *snapshot* metadata SHOULD also be made available to clients via the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
versions of all metadata SHOULD also be made available to clients via the
```

Author: addressed in force push

__ https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/11_XkeHrf4GdhMYVqpYWsug6JNz5ZK6HvvmDZX0__K2I/edit?usp=sharing

While it is possible to make TUF metadata more compact by representing it in a
binary format, as opposed to the JSON text format, a sufficiently large
number of projects and distributions will introduce scalability challenges at
some point, and therefore the *bins* role will still need delegations (as
outlined in figure 2) in order to address the problem.  The JSON format is an
open and well-known standard for data interchange, which is already supported by
the TUF reference implementation, and therefore the recommended data format by

> this PEP.  However, due to the large number of delegated metadata, compressed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this PEP.  However, due to the large number of delegations, compressed
```
